Correct, you've just implemented Hybrid A* which is one of
the best algorithm for finding trajectories in unstructured environments.
An example of such an environment is a parking lot or a maze.
And these environments tend to have
less specific rules than highway or streets and also, lower driving speeds.
They also do not have an obvious reference path
that corresponds to what we should be driving 90% of the time,
because they change so much.
On the other hand, highway or
streets are very structured environments and in these environments,
all motion is more constrained by predefined rules,
regarding how we can move on the road.
For example, the direction of traffic or lane boundaries or also speed limits.
All these rules impose constraints which have to be
satisfied but also for guidance regarding what the trajectory should look like.
And while a style is great at finding solutions everywhere,
it does not take advantage of this information.
For example, the road structure itself can be used as a reference path.
Let's see how we can u-